**Anime Sucks**
I wanted to do something unique for this blog.  I wanted to bash popular anime with my unique point of view.  I used to be a huge anime fan, but these days I’m a former angry anime fan, honestly anime sucks.

There’s one major flaw with anime that oddly enough is not addressed.  Basically 90%+ anime are based off manga that’s printed in weekly or monthly magazines.  The problem here is almost all anime end oddly (or a cliffhanger) or there are odd fillers in the main story.  The manga is also a spoiler for the anime, people who read the manga usually spoils it for the anime watching public as well.  So you are forced to read the manga to avoid spoilers and to catch up on the story, when you do that the anime sucks and doesn’t mean as much.

The style of anime these days has a very clean look.  There is no gritty element these days.  Everything is so sterile.  If you watch movies you notice the ever increasing presence of CG.  I feel this is happening to anime as well.  Anime sucks because the  animation looks wrong, too clean, you can tell a computer did it.

Another reason anime sucks, is the fan-service of the program.  Harem anime are overly saturated and the fan-service is ridiculous. Finding an anime you like these days is much more difficult.  The ratio from crap-good shows is increasing.  Out of hundred you’ll probably find ten of them that are of good quality.  The biggest problem is the manga connection to anime,  you are essentially dictated by the manga and if you go a different route the fans will ostracize you.

anime sucksI can’t count how many anime ends on a shitty ending or cliff hanger because of the manga crap.

I don’t know when my love starting to turn to hate, but it was a gradual process.  So now I’m here writing about why anime people love and I hate (or don’t like).  I never considered myself outside of the mainstream, but for some reason I am different.

I can’t understand the current anime culture, so I wanted to write about anime shows and why I think anime sucks.

Update 1: There are some really good comments below on why some people don’t like anime these days (like JJJ and Sootoo).  I think there is some confusion why I say anime sucks yet I watch alot of it.  My issue with anime is complicated to say the least and it’s difficult to analyze.  I made this blog to explain why my fandom is starting to die out.  In my comment I talk about a movie called The People Vs George Lucas.  In the film you would hear fans cry out why did you do this, why is this included etc….   Watching this movie I felt a connection to the disenfranchised fans of Star Wars.  If you watch this movie it would help you guys understand my point of view to current anime.  People also ask why I pick on the most popular anime like Naruto and Onepiece,  since those anime have been on the air so long I actually watched it when they first came out, so I really did love to watch them early on, but more and more problems with the shows kept happening.  There also isn’t a whole lot of criticism for these anime,.  If there are, it’s mostly vague statements and not a in-depth analysis on the anime.

I have watched a few new anime, like the 3rd Eva movie and Initial D fifth stage,  didn’t like them.  I just can’t seem to watch new anime lately, including  JoJo Bizarre Adventure TV (this should have come out 10 years ago).   I’m a huge fan of the JoJo Bizzare Adventure OAV series, but can’t seem to watch this one.  Perhaps because I”m getting older as well and anime is very different than 15-20 years ago, that could be a factor as well.

Anime is poison to children's minds and it creates a fake world for them to live in. Anime introduces pornographic material at a young age and has very graphic and violent scenes. This carries over into adulthood and creates these lazy, nasty, hideous slobs that were once your children that now sleep with an anime body pillow at night and read mangas at least 10 times a day. Anime also consumes your soul and wastes time that could be used to go outside, get 60 minutes of fresh air, do homework and contribute something to society. The people who watch anime are not the problem, anime is. Anime is the root of all problems, cancer, war, Africa, and the Nazis. Since people watch anime on the TV so much, it uses electricity and is the reason why the oil reserves will run out soon. Anime causes cancer because it has been proven TV screens emit radiation and radiation causes cancer. Anime has caused war by inspiring the Nazis to side with the Japanese through their cartoons and establishing the Pacific Front in World War 2. African leaders in Africa are corrupted by anime influences and they cannot tend to their peoples needs and cannot feed them. Future generations will be ruined and destroyed by anime influence. Everyone thinks the downfall of humanity will be ourselves, but in reality it is anime. After the atomic radiation, the Japanese wanted to get their revenge on the world and created their ultimate weapon, anime.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DdMQkZXy1c8
https://youtu.be/j28djgo70lg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-l2Ai7F2SjY
